README.md, before:

![title](/docs/img/repository-title.png)

## Sections

- [Cheat Sheets](https://github.com/GuillaumeFalourd/developers-tips/tree/master/cheat-sheets)

_A **cheat sheet** is a concise set of notes used for quick reference. Cheat sheets are so named because they may be used by students without the instructor's knowledge to cheat on a test._

- [Mind Maps](https://github.com/GuillaumeFalourd/developers-tips/tree/master/mind-maps)

_A **mind map** is a diagram used to visually organize information. A mind map is hierarchical and shows relationships among pieces of the whole. Mind maps can also be drawn by hand, either as "notes" during a lecture, meeting or planning session, for example, or as higher quality pictures when more time is available._

- [Tips](https://github.com/GuillaumeFalourd/developers-tips/tree/master/tips)

_A **tip** is a nifty way to do an activity. A tip generally simplify a process or an operation that is complex to perform._

## Contributing

Check the [CONTRIBUTION file](https://github.com/GuillaumeFalourd/developers-tips/tree/master/CONTRIBUTION.md) to see the guidelines if you with to contribute with new contents.

Commit message:

rename tips and tricks sections
Signed-off-by: GuillaumeFalourd <guillaume.falourd@zup.com.br>

README.md, after:

![title](/docs/img/repository-title.png)

## Sections

- [Cheat Sheets](https://github.com/GuillaumeFalourd/developers-tips/tree/master/cheat-sheets)

_A **cheat sheet** is a concise set of notes used for quick reference. Cheat sheets are so named because they may be used by students without the instructor's knowledge to cheat on a test._

- [Mind Maps](https://github.com/GuillaumeFalourd/developers-tips/tree/master/mind-maps)

_A **mind map** is a diagram used to visually organize information. A mind map is hierarchical and shows relationships among pieces of the whole. Mind maps can also be drawn by hand, either as "notes" during a lecture, meeting or planning session, for example, or as higher quality pictures when more time is available._

- [Tips and Tricks](https://github.com/GuillaumeFalourd/developers-tips/tree/master/tips-and-tricks)

_**Tips and Tricks** are nifty ways to do activities. They generally simplify a process or an operation that is complex to perform._

## Contributing

Check the [CONTRIBUTION file](https://github.com/GuillaumeFalourd/developers-tips/tree/master/CONTRIBUTION.md) to see the guidelines if you with to contribute with new contents.
